from the white mérida yucatán the
stunning of maría jose rosa maria
José
the applicant maria jose
to know
city
my secret weapon is going to be the attitude of
take my body to the limit
is going to be moving little by little I know
that I will go grabbing things much more
complicated that's going to be my challenge
personal to all I see them as great
competitors for me so I see them to
all and well then with great force
and you are watching at will
elevated and decorated
is the first nervous that I felt like with
want to take everything I want you have
to get out but very contained of everything
looking a lot at the floor that's where
they get lost if this is very internal
Flamenco dance is internal with strength yes
with projection in the eyes that is very
important then you can not go all
for in all civil time
breathe happiness is good job
you said it right you're starting but
I still quite agree with
they were very content movements
they were well danced but missed
lacked strength was very concentrated on
what you had to do because it was missing
maybe maybe listen to this for the first
Once you have to give strength to give
No does not contain them but if
control them to see how far they have
to get your arms to look
amplitude and that there really slow down
with the necessary force to impact
you have to let your body dance
so then it feels and feels
so the flamenco rumba is a dance that
dance with the waist down
breaking the tabloid or breaking the
plank with great force
then they study the genres when they
they give it what tango is about
it's about the flamenco rumba, then you
you do not have to do anything because you have
a scenic impressive presence your
body speaks for itself and has a
innate net force you have everything to
shine on this track and in this
I congratulate you on stage
It is not easy to dance, much less a
Flemish rumba but this guy is good
study what is the strength of each gender
and will know that you will succeed
they 're going to cry too is not that I'm
with the adrenaline to the thousand and for me this
it's a great learning and I'm for
stay here to stay and I'm going to
do because that's me
that's Maria Jose
with the qualification there
6.5 from Kalimba
polished has the hidden vote of the night
now if there is the qualification but
I see the calderón family that
it seemed the presentation of maría jose
pink
the movement looked very piece and the
Ghana and have more public because yes
that we have
and that follow
throwing more desire
we give you an 8 18 they want to give you to see
but you who read well if you throw him
Maria Jose or not we if he if he
They want a lot but there is always a lack
little more